docs: Add comprehensive AuthBridge documentation (#1476)
kagenti/kagenti: docs/authbridge/demos.md

# AuthBridge Demos

A progressive learning path that starts with seeing AuthBridge work transparently,
then peels back layers to show what's happening underneath.

## Prerequisites

- A running Kagenti cluster (Kind or OpenShift)
- `kubectl` access to the cluster
- Python 3.11+ with `uv` for token generation scripts

Quick cluster setup:
```bash

> ./.github/scripts/local-setup/kind-full-test.sh --skip-cluster-destroy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scripts/kind/setup-kagenti.sh --with-istio --with-spire --with-ui --with-backend
```

... followed by something to install the weather example(s).

It's scary for end users to run test scripts out of the GitHub directory.  Encourage them to run our standard installer.

```

## Layer 1: See It Work

**Goal:** Observe that agents get authenticated access to tools without any auth code.

Deploy the weather agent and make a request:

```bash
# Get a user token from Keycloak

> export TOKEN=$(python kagenti/examples/identity/get_token.py)

Reviewer: We don't have a _get_token.py_ file!

I would **love** one.

When I need a token to talk to the Kagenti API, I have been first going interactively to http://keycloak.localtest.me:8080/admin/master/console/ , navigating to the `kagenti` realm, selecting Clients, `kagenti`, and clicking on allow Direct Access Grants.

Then I do

```bash
KAGENTI_TOKEN=$(curl -s -X POST \
    http://keycloak.localtest.me:8080/realms/kagenti/protocol/openid-connect/token \
    -d "grant_type=password&client_id=kagenti&username=admin&password=${KAGENTI_UI_PW}" | jq --raw-output ".access_token")
echo KAGENTI_TOKEN is $KAGENTI_TOKEN
```

It would be much simpler just to run a script!

When I get a JWT token from a new OIDC provider, I like to go to https://www.jwt.io/ to look at it.  It might be worthwhile to have an optional step to decode the JWT, either through that web site or through a bash command, to let the user see the audience and other OIDC fields.

# Call the weather agent — AuthBridge handles everything
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  http://weather-agent.team1.svc:8000/run \

>   -d '{"city": "New York"}'

Reviewer: The URL here confused me.  Is this from an in-cluster test pod?  I expected to see either kubectl -n team1 exec -it test-client -- curl ... or  a http://weather-agent.localtest.me:8080 URL.

A diagram would be extremely helpful here, perhaps a Mermaid diagram or JPG?  (I would be happy to contribute one.)

The -d JSON confused me... I expected to see an A2A query here, or a natural language string.  This is because I am used to our Kagenti weather service agent, which uses tools.

```

> The agent responds with weather data. It made an outbound call to the weather API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent responds with weather data. It made an outbound call to the weather MCP tool,
```

> but the agent code contains zero auth logic — AuthBridge exchanged tokens transparently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but the agent code contains zero auth logic — AuthBridge exchanged the inbound JWT Authorization header token for a different outbound JWT token transparently when invoking the weather MCP tool.
```

**What you've seen:**

> - Inbound: your JWT was validated before reaching the agent

Reviewer: The user hasn't really seen that the JWT was validated.  To trust the demo, the user expects to try

```
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer invalid" \
  http://weather-agent.team1.svc:8000/run \
  -d '{"city": "New York"}'
```

... and get a 401 or 403 error.

- Outbound: the agent's call to the weather API received credentials automatically
- The agent code is a plain HTTP client — no SDKs, no secrets

**Full demo instructions:**
[Weather Agent Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#weather-agent-demo)

## Layer 2: Watch the Token Flow

**Goal:** See the actual token exchange happening in real-time.

Enable debug logging on the AuthBridge sidecar:

```bash
kubectl set env deployment/weather-agent -n team1 -c authbridge-proxy LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

Make the same request again and watch the logs:

```bash
# In one terminal, stream AuthBridge logs
kubectl logs -f deploy/weather-agent -n team1 -c authbridge-proxy

# In another terminal, send the request
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  http://weather-agent.team1.svc:8000/run \
  -d '{"city": "New York"}'
```

You'll see:
```

> INFO  jwt-validation: token valid, subject=user1, issuer=http://keycloak:8080/realms/kagenti

Reviewer: For my own curiosity, where does `user1` come from?  I would have expected one of the Kagenti sample Keycloak users, "bob" or "alice", here.

# Remove the route rule for weather-api.example.com
```

Restart the agent pod and try the same request:

```bash
kubectl rollout restart deployment/weather-agent -n team1

curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  http://weather-agent.team1.svc:8000/run \
  -d '{"city": "New York"}'
```

The agent receives a 403 from AuthBridge when it tries to call the weather API:
```
WARN  proxy: blocked host, destination=weather-api.example.com, reason=no matching route
```

The agent returns an error to the user — it cannot access the tool.

**What you've learned:**
- Access control is enforced at the proxy, not in the agent code
- The agent cannot bypass the restriction (NetworkPolicy + proxy enforcement)
- Clear error messages explain what was blocked and why
- Restore the route to re-enable access

## Layer 4: Agent-to-Agent Delegation

**Goal:** See how identity flows through a multi-agent chain.

This demo requires two agents: an orchestrator and a worker. The orchestrator
receives a user request, then delegates to the worker agent via A2A protocol.

```bash
# Deploy the multi-target demo (orchestrator + worker agents)
# See full instructions at the link below
```

> Watch the delegation chain in logs:

Reviewer: For the user to watch that, don't we need to drive traffic to the agent?  At this point shouldn't we ask the user to go to the Kagenti UI at http://kagenti-ui.localtest.me:8080/agents/team1/weather-service and enter `What is the weather in New York City?`?

```
# Orchestrator receives user request
INFO  jwt-validation: token valid, subject=user1
INFO  token-exchange: success, audience=worker-agent, subject=orchestrator-agent

# Worker receives delegated request

> INFO  jwt-validation: token valid, subject=orchestrator-agent, act.sub=user1

Reviewer: I haven't gotten this working, but will the subject really be `orchestrator agent`?  And I don't know what `act.sub=user1` means....

| Demo | Difficulty | Features Shown | Link |
|---|---|---|---|
| Weather Agent (basic) | Beginner | Token exchange, transparent auth | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#weather-agent-demo) |
| Weather Agent (advanced) | Intermediate | Scope-based access, Alice vs Bob | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#weather-agent-advanced) |
| GitHub Issue Agent | Intermediate | External API integration, token scoping | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#github-issue-demo) |
| Single-Target | Intermediate | Route configuration, audience mapping | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#single-target-demo) |
| Multi-Target | Advanced | Delegation chains, multi-service access | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#multi-target-demo) |
| Webhook | Advanced | Event-driven auth, callback verification | [Demo](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-extensions/blob/main/authbridge/demos/README.md#webhook-demo) |

## Further Reading

> - [Hands-on with MCP Gateway](https://medium.com/kagenti-the-agentic-platform/hands-on-with-mcp-gateway-from-local-setup-to-agent-integration-in-kagenti-f9bd3b7cc334)

Reviewer: We might want to add an OIDC or OAuth further reading link here, for users who are new to JWTs
